How many children does Daniel Day Lewis have
Which is larger, Europe or Germany?
Is the oldest son of Barack Obama a singer?
Is the Sun a star?
Who is the oldest actor in Berlin?
What is the largest country by population?
What is the largest country by area?
What is the biggest country?
Which country is the largest?
Which country has the largest area?
Which country has the largest population?
Give me the country with the largest area.
Give me the country with the smallest area.
What country in Europe has the smallest area?
Give me the country with the largest population in Asia.
What country has the largest gdp per capita?
What country in Asia has the largest gdp per capita?
What European country has the largest area?
What is the largest North American state?
What is the most populated North American state?
Give me the 2nd largest country.
What is the 5th most populated country.
List all countries with an area smaller than 20000 square kilometers.
How many countries with less than 10000 inhabitants are there?
How many countries in Europe are there?
How many European countries are there?
List all European countries.
What country has the largest capital?
What is the largest capital?
Is Germany larger than Europe?
Does Germany have a larger surface size than Europe?
Does Germany have a larger area than Europe?
Does Europe have more inhabitants than Europe?
Which is larger, Europe or Germany?
Give me the larger of Europe and Germany?
What is the most populated of Switzerland and Romania?
How many countries larger than China are there?
How many countries cities are in China?
How many regions are there in Romania?
How many states are there in United States of America?
How many states larger than Romania are there?
How many lakes are bigger than Brazil?
Is the Atlantic Ocean bigger than the Pacific Ocean?
Which has a larger surface, the Atlantic Ocean or the Pacific Ocean?
Is Monaco in Europe?
Give me all countries.
Give me all countries that have French as an official language.
Give me all countries that speak Indian.
What countries have Christianity as an official religion?
Is Catholicism a Christian religion?
Is Japan an European country?
Is India an Asian country?
Does Europe contain Luxembourg?
What river crosses more than 5 countries?
What rivers cross Hungary?
What rivers cross both Ukraine and Greece?
What rivers flow through the Philippines?
Give me all rivers longer than the Amazon.
Give me all rivers that flow into the Nile.
Does the Nile flow into the Amazon?
What sea does the Danube flow into?
How many rivers flow into the Black Sea?
How many rivers cross Russia?
How many rivers flow through Burma?
Are there any lakes in Luxembourg?
How many people live in the largest country?
How big is the largest country in Europe by population size?
How big is the largest country in Europe?
How tall is the tallest mountain?
What is the tallest mountain in Brazil?
What is the highest mountain?
What Italian mountain is taller than the highest Indian mountain?
Give me all the mountains taller than Burj Khalifa.
How many countries flow through at least 5 African countries?
How many actors are born after 1995?
How many cosmonauts are from Indonesia?
Which Moldavian city is the largest?
What country has the most cities?
What continent is larger than the Pacific Ocean?
What is the southernmost point of the U.S.?
What roads cross New York?
What companies are based in Sri Lanka?
What IT companies have their headquarters in Silicon Valley?
What technology companies were founded in Seatle?
Does Silicon Valley have more companies the Hong Kong?
Are there more companies in France than in Spain?
What islands are located in the Bering Sea?
What is tha largest island of the Pacific Ocean?
Give me all islands larger tha 10000 squared km in the Mediterranean Sea.
What is the smallest island?
What is the oldest cosmonaut?
What is the 5th President of Ukraine?
What kind of head of state does Bulgaria have?
What is the 100th country by size?
Give me all actors older than Morgan Freeman?
Is Jim Carrey older than Wesley Snipes?
Is the Queen of England younger than Pope Francis?
Which is older, Simon Baker or Keanu Reeves?
What is the oldest actor starring in The Matrix?
What is the movie with the largest budget?
Who directed the movie with the largest budget?
Who published It?
Who is the oldest of Metallica's members?
Where are AC/DC's members born in?
Does Game of Thrones have the largest budget of all series?
In how many countries does the river Thames flow through?
How many movies did Stanley Kubrik direct?
In how many movies star both Morgand Freeman and Brad Pitt?
In what country is Paris located?
What country is Zurich located in?
How many people live in the capital of Ethiopia?
Where is Ethiopia?
Where is the largest country?
Does Samuel L. Jackson star in any movie directed by Quentin Tarantino?
Give me all the actors that played in Pulp Fiction?
What producers do Steven Spielberg movies have?
Is Orson Welles a movie director?
Did Ridley Scott direct more movies than Alfred Hitchcock?
What is the youngest actor that played in Titanic.
What is the profession of Martin Scorsese?
What does Francis Ford Coppola do?
Where does IBM have headquarters?
What city is the headquarters of Amazon in?
Is there any movie filmed in Panama?
Does Simon Baker play in The Mentalist?
How many episodes does The Young and the Restless have?
Is Tom Hanks dead?
Does Robert De Niro still live?
Is Christian Bale born before Jack Nicholson?
Who directed Gary Oldman's latest movie?
Did Robert Downey Jr. and Brad Pitt play in any common movie?
Is Will Smith married?
How many children does Daniel Day Lewis have?
What awards has Spielberg's latest movie won?
How much was invested to create Shawshank Redemption?
Who played the role of God?
Is Johnny Depp Batman?
Is Wonderwoman played by Meryl Streep?
Is Clint Eastwood related to Robert De Niro?
Give me all movies starring Matthew McConaughey with a budget of over 1 000 000 dollars.
Is Jamie Fox American?
Edward Horton played what roles?
Where is Bose based in?
What companies does George Clooney own?
Is there any president that plays tennis?
Give me all presidents that also play footbal.
What professor had mentored the most students?
Give me all the students are mentored by Albert Einstein.
How many official languages are spoken in Ethiopia?
What is the densest country in Africa?
Do Spain and Italy use the same currency?
What money do they use in Zimbabwe?
How wide is the Ethiopian bank note?
What is the population of the largest country?
What is the area of the most populated country?
What side of the road do they drive in Ethiopia?
Do they drive on the right in England?
Does Marlyn Manson play guitar?
What instruments did George Enescu play?
How many pieces did Bach compose?
Who wrote the music for Star Wars Return of the Jedi?
What famous people died because of the bubonic plague?
Did any king die of the plague?
When was Hubble deployed?
Was Hubble launched in the U.S.?
How many programs were ran by NASA?
What's the easiest route on K2?
Who was in charge of the Manhattan Project?
What scientists were part of the Manhattan Project?
Where was Little Boy deployed in?
Who designed the bomb that exploded in Hiroshima?
What ideology does the ruling party in the U.S. have?
How much did Little Boy weigh
Is the circumference of Earth larger than Mars's?
Which is densest, the Mars or Jupiter?
Is there any desert in the United Arab Emirates?
Do Greenland and Iceland have the same climate?
Is The Black Goat related to Cthulu?
From what book is Palantir?
Did J. R. R. Tolkien write more books than J. K. Rolling?
What book followed The Hobbit?
Give me all fantasy books written by George RR Martin.
What healthcare companies were founded in the United Kingdom?
What country has the most healthcare companies?
What is the 150th country by population density?
At what temperature does iron melt?
What is the largest producer of Tungsten?
What chemicals are there in the atmosphere of Venus?
Is there Helium in the atmosphere of Mercury?
Did Michael Jackson have any children?
Is Michael Jackson burried in Los Angeles?
Is Michael Jackson richer than Brad Pitt?
How many siblings did Jason Statham have?
Is Krakow the largest city in Poland?
Are there any actors born in 1994?
Give me all artists that play the saxophone.
What is Albert Einstein known for?
Who is the first wife of Einstein?
What is the tiniest city in Bulgaria?
Do more people live in Berlin than in London?
What is the largest company with headquarters in Moscow?
How many continents does Russia span in?
